feat(Mobile): adds ANR/App Hangs to RN+Flutter Features (#10709)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/features/index.mdx

We released <PlatformLink to="/enhance-errors/source-context">Source Context</PlatformLink>, which shows snippets of code around the location of stack frames.

> Let us know if you have feedback through <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Platform%3A+Android%2CType%3A+Bug&template=bug_report_android.yml">GitHub issues</Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let us know if you have feedback by filing a <Link to="https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Platform%3A+Android%2CType%3A+Bug&template=bug_report_android.yml">GitHub issue</Link>.
```

</Expandable>

> - Native Development Kit (NDK), the set of tools that that allows you to use C and C++ with Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Native Development Kit (NDK), the set of tools that allows you to use C and C++ with Android.
```
